Time travelers always seem like interesting people, until you meet one - then they're more trouble than they're worth. Case in point, there's this one I run across instances of from time to time. He is a decent enough individual but if he only knew how many timelines had been spawned through his sheer carelessness, I doubt he'd faff about so much. On this occasion, he had brought a friend quite accidentally to the debris of a recently-destroyed planet - though you wouldn't know it by the immediate surroundings. In the center of a particularly large chunk of rock stood a castle which held the surviving population of the planet - some thousand individuals or so. The palace itself was seemingly untouched; immaculate, spacious, and attractively appointed. At least, that was the case from what I could see of the carpark-- er, spaceship dock where I was summoned.

Yes, 'summoned'. That is the term one uses when one comes when they are called.

"Hello, you have reached the extra-temporal helpline. Please state your concern and the matter will be addressed retroactively." That is my voicemail message. The human making the call glanced up to her companion before saying in an uncertain voice,

"Hi, I'd like to speak to the Oracle?"

"The Oracle," I stated from behind the pair - the 'retroactive' part is not false advertising. "Is that what you call me?"

"Well, what else?" The time traveler turns to greet me with his characteristic smug half-smile. "You're tall, dark, mysterious, and you see the future."

I can't argue with that logic, but the name doesn't sit all that well with me. Instead I ask, "And what use does a time traveler have for an oracle?"

"He doesn't, it's me," interrupted his friend. "I want to know... what will happen to this world if we just leave?"

I glanced to the time traveler, but he was already turning to depart the scene. I watched him walk away and go back to his machine. (I've not encountered many proper four-dimensional transport vehicles in my time, but this was one of the more ostentatious designs I have seen. It was not unlike a giant version of one of those imperial jeweled eggs in shape, with some sort of sigil etched in gold into its midnight blue exterior. One might question his taste, but I suppose a time machine has to look like something.)

"You're leaving?" I asked the human.

"Maybe," she said quietly, staring in the same direction I was.

"How odd..." And how uncharacteristic for the time traveler to just leave a situation untouched and let fate run its course. He doesn't even want to know how it will end.

I look back to the human and try to smile. "I need to get my bearings. Would you mind showing me around?"

"Yeah. I mean... we just got here a couple hours ago, but I know where the cafeteria is and things. Are you hungry?" Looking me up and down, she added, "... Do you eat?"

I chuckled. "On occasion."

So we left the carpark and headed down what can only be described as a wide spiral-shaped ramp disguised as a long central hallway. It was subtly graded and subtly curved - enough that it seemed to be flat and straight enough, yet enabled the structure to be built vertically instead of occupying a sprawling campus. Clever; almost as though someone had planned for the eventuality of having only a single square mile of land for it to be perched upon. As we walked, the human (Maria was her name) told me about the natives, and how they were friendly enough but seemed to keep their distance.

"This one lady asked us if we knew the 'Legendary Heroes' or whatever they're called. I guess they were three humans who came here before the planet blew up, but... well, I mean... no one has seen them since."

She trailed off and turned to find me stopped in front of a wide, arched double doorway, staring in.

"I think that's the throne room," she said in a hushed tone, backtracking towards me. If it was, it was certainly lacking only a throne. White panels with intricate carvings of lillies near the borders lined the walls. Pairs of majestic marble columns stand guard on either side of a gold-trimmed crimson carpet. At the other end of that carpet, on a raised dias a couple of steps up, stood a small but dignified, fan-feathered figure. His plumage was white such that he almost blended in with the room around him, and would have if it weren't for the amethyst beads strung among his feathers. His back was at a 45-degree angle towards the door with the long train of his eye feathers spread out behind him like the end of a long gown. He was peering at us - at me, really - over his shoulder and not bothering to hide his stare.

I may have stared back. Though I am not usually one to be overcome by mere aesthetics, I found myself taken aback by the image of him standing there. He could have been made of lace and stars.

"What are you?" he asked at length, the quiet and surprisingly low voice echoing slightly in the chamber. "Some kind of golem?"

"No," I said, clasping my hands in front of me in an effort to appear more demure in what was inarguably a rude situation on all sides. "A sentient being. Are you the ruler of this place?"

The creature almost scoffed and shook his head, before turning to approach us. I took this as tacit permission to enter the throne room, with Maria close behind me.

"No," he said with a glance away and down. "Just the caretaker. For the interim, I suppose..."

I give a quiet, understanding nod. What he has said in a few sentences has relayed volumes about the current situation. Seeing the human with me, however, he added, "So you're from Earth?"

I glanced to Maria and nodded. Two out of three isn't bad, and it's close enough to the truth in my case. "Yes. I take it this is not your first encounter with those from that world?"

"No, it's not." A simple phrase that might have been followed up with elaboration, but its speaker seemed to have abruptly lost the heart for it. His gaze turned downward, like someone in mourning.

"Where are they?" I asked quietly, attempting to be gentle, "These 'Legendary Heroes' of yours?"

Surprised, he looked back up at me. His eyes - curiously human-like with their white scleras and blue-hued irises - widened as though in surprise.

"I'd assumed they went home," he said, a hint of emotion causing his voice to shake a little. "Did they not return?"

I had to take a moment and look away to cross the millions of light years between ourselves and that planet - and the couple of weeks since the heroes would have returned. With the answer, I found a sense of dread rising in my ribcage; a feeling of darkness and emptiness matched only by the void between timelines.

"Yes, they did," I replied. Then took a step back towards the exit and added, "If you two will excuse me, there is something which requires my attention."

I left them there, with hopefully enough questions to start directing them towards each other, and returned to where we had started. I strode up to the Faberge time-egg, with its unnecessarily ornate handle, and threw open the door.

"Maria!" the time traveler exclaimed. I found him with his head underneath the machinery and the contents of a toolbox scattered to one side. "It turns out the blue-space crystals just needed recalibrating. We should be ready to go in no time. ... Heh, pun not intended."

Intended or not, I had no mood for jokes at the moment. The coldness in my chest had risen to my throat and lent an icyness to my words.

"What have you done?" I demanded.