Do you remember the nineties? I don't, but I've seen it: a fuzzy, blushing bud on the cusp of blooming into a new age of information. As with all technological revolutions, no one alive at the time fully realized that the world was about to drastically change - or they did, but they were too busy trying to figure out how to make money off of it to consider the full implications. Like anyone who has spent an appreciable amount of time in an office high-rise looking down on the street below, I find it both fascinating and fortuitous that humans seldom bother to stop and look up to consider their place in the universe and their role in what is to come. They're all just like so many ants, focused on the task at hand and together creating something larger than any of them.

Except one human, at this moment.

She sat on her bed, facing the open closet where she had set up a makeshift altar: an upturned cardboard box with her grandmother's lace shawl over it. On it sat a circle cut out of cardboard with gold construction paper glued to it onto which a five-pointed star had been carefully traced in black marker, along with a brand new pencil, a champagne flute stolen from the china cabinet, and her father's letter opener. Stacked nearby and scattered around the bed were books with titles like, "So You Want to Be a Sorceror" and "Bedroom Magic" (she had thought it was a book of spells you could cast discretely from your bedroom, not... what it actually was) - evidence of a recently-acquired interest in the occult.

Less recently? The room was otherwise neat and tidy, owing slightly more to a weekly maid service than the self-discipline of an adolescent mind. In one corner stood a desk with a great beige tower and a boxy behemoth of a monitor sitting on it - both dark and silent, and relatively untouched for almost a fortnight. The games - boxes of compact disks sitting on the nearest shelf like books - and software and even the Internet seemed less important lately.

She had just saved a world - or condemned it - and no one could know but herself and two other people. Well... one other person, now.

It was spring, and she had the week off from school. It was cloudy and a little damp that morning from the rain that had blown in on winter's dying breaths the previous night. So, she threw on a coat and took a bus down to the park where she had first met them that fateful day. It promised to be another memorable occasion; the pale pink flowers that two weeks ago were just buds on trees now formed dreamlike clouds against the backdrop of green grass and grey sky. That's where she found Katrina, standing by the reflecting pool and staring out onto the water as if it contained an ocean.

"I just came here because I was thinking about that place," Katrina said, after the hellos and the obligatory how-have-you-beens.

"Me, too," answered the other girl, whose name was Irene. Then, naturally, they wondered where Heather was.

"There's no reason to expect her here," Irene observed. "After all, we only met here by coincidence."

"Do you really believe in coincidences, anymore?" Kat asked, her voice uncharacteristically quiet and solemn. If Irene really thought about it, she didn't.

So, they took another bus. It wasn't all seriousness and existential crises, because they were twelve-year-old girls. They stopped at a cafe and bought lunch with their allowances (and an extra sandwich for Heather when they found her), and talked about boys and junior high drama. Irene wanted the general population of the world to know that she had aced her computer science exam, and Kat was excited about her impending trip to go compete in cross-country nationals. They joked and had fun together, and it was like a normal day off. They had no way of knowing that what was supposed to happen - what had happened in every single other relevant timeline but this one - had failed to happen. Something else had happened in its stead.

They ended up in Heather's neighborhood, having taken a bus and then a long walk to her school, and decided to play detectives. Irene was (obviously) the great and brilliant consulting investigator, feared by criminals all across the metro area, and Kat was her trusted associate (with a secret criminal past!). They tried to break into the office to find Heather's records so that they could get her address, but failed when they only had one hairpin between them. Luckily, a kid from the soccer game on the field adjacent happened by on the way to the bathrooms, so they just asked her.

"Heather Samson? Yeah, I don't know where her house is, but..."

There was a long silence. Almost five seconds, actually, during which Kat and Irene stared at the girl without really knowing what they were waiting for, and the girl found herself staring at the ground because she knew exactly what they were waiting for.

"... She's dead," it finally arrived.

The response was anticlimactic: just a blank, "What" from Irene.

So, the girl told the story of last Wednesday. Heather wasn't at school that day, but no one thought anything of it. ("You know, maybe she was sick or whatever, right?" the girl chuckled humorlessly.) About an hour before lunch, though, everyone got called to their homerooms. ("Or only the seventh-graders, I don't know.") There, the teachers sat them down and... told them.

"They said she got hit by a car on the way home the day before that," she said. "Like... I just saw her in art class and we made this paper mache solar system and... now she's gone..."

Another silence descended on the group. Irene could feel herself breathing in a slow rhythm, air rushing through her sinuses and out her mouth like the waves of an ocean. The girl before her, on the verge of tears, gave them both a searching look before mumbling something about having to go and then fast-walking away in the direction of the building.

Kat laughed.

Irene turned to her and made a confused murmur, but Katrina kept laughing. She laughed so hard her legs gave out and she scraped both knees on the asphalt of the basketball court, but she kept laughing: loud, deep belly laughs until she had to hold her sides from the pain. Finally, the muscle fatigue overcame her and she took a couple of uneven breaths before looking up at Irene with tears in her eyes and a wide, manic grin spread across her face.

"What time is it?" she asked, barely holding back from giggling.

It was time to go.

Irene had come home and gone straight up to her room to sit on her bed and stare into her closet. The little altar still sat there almost welcomingly, draped in grandmother's familiar shawl. The clumsy makeshift pentagram and wand sat upon it along with the pilfered chalice and athame, all placed with the meticulous care of someone who had just begun to believe in magic and destiny. Now, in the waning light of a hazy dusk, it all looked so false. Like one of those fake buildings on movie sets - the structure was real, but there was nothing behind it.

It was almost dinnertime. The scent of something delicious was wafting up from the kitchen, but Irene wasn't sure she could face everyone right now with this secret. They'd ask what was wrong, and what would she tell them? Besides, if she got hungry, there was still a sandwich in her bag. Salami and horseradish: no one's favorite, anymore. It wasn't for anyone; there was no one else to give it to. Odd how someone who she had been through so much with and who had meant so much to her could just disappear and the only loose end that needed tying up was an overly spicy sandwich. The thought made her smile, despite everything.

Later, she would dismantle the altar. The shawl, champagne glass, and letter opener would be returned in secret to their original places. The pencil would be sharpened and drafted into service for math homework, and the cardboard disk would lie on the floor until the maid found it and tossed it in the trash.

That was two days ago, on Earth.

Now, and on an asteroid floating through a distant nebula, I stood in the doorway of an oversized, gilded ovoid and stared at the only variable I knew of that could have changed. He gazed back at me with wide, dark-blue eyes, his sable hair falling loose from its ponytail to fall around his face as he pulled himself out of the machine frame to look up at me.

"What. Have you. *Done?*"