Phoebus Farraday removed himself from the innards of his console to look up at me, wisps of dark hair falling out of their loose ponytail to frame his wide, dark-blue eyes. Out of a hypothetical police lineup, he didn't look like the sort of man you would pick out as a rogue time traveler. In crisp, dark slacks and a button-down rolled up past his forearms, the man would have looked positively respectable if one didn't know better. Add to that the wireframe spectacles adorning his face, and he gave off the impression of being just another engineer - the type who would be more comfortable sitting in front of a computer screen than mucking about in the sweaty underbelly of a working machine. At the moment, however, his usual smug, know-it-all expression was replaced by one of honest confusion and surprise: the look of a man who has done many, many things but has no idea which one might be relevant at the moment. It's a look I was intimately familiar with, having worn it on all too many an occasion - and, if we're honest, I saw far more of myself in that man in general than I was comfortable with.

My anger swiftly dissipated, replaced by mere exhasperation.

"What... are you doing," I uttered, rubbing my temples with my forefingers, "... here? As opposed to out there, where you could be earnestly breaking causality?"

The human's expression faded into a wan smile and he turned to replace the panel he had opened. I suppose he was conveniently done with whatever he had been doing.

"I thought I'd go and see what really caused this," he said. "I'll be back before anyone notices me gone."

"Ah, the investigative approach to temporal meddling," I replied, stepping fully into the time machine. The inside was quite a bit more roomy and understated than the outside implied; all white and chrome with smooth, modernist lines that seemed to say, 'I'm a spaceship!' I stepped towards the console in the center and leaned against the back of one of the chairs - of which there were four, I noted.

"Favored by gentlemen and scholars alike." Adopting a cheeky grin I added, "So why are you using it?"

Phoebus rewarded me with an ironic smirk before replying. "The, er... adult entertainment professional at the canteen seemed to think it was because the empress died. She said that there were some legendary warriors from another world who were supposed to save her, but it seems they failed."

"And you don't believe her?"

"Worlds don't collapse just because a monarch dies," he replied, dropping into one of the other chairs.

"Don't they?" I smiled slightly.

"Not literally. Something else must have happened." He gave me an oblique glance. "Unless you have some light to shed on the issue."

I shrugged. "I'm not the all-knowing font of wisdom you people seem to think."

"Never said I thought that," he muttered, throwing a few switches on the control panel in front of him. And then we were gone.