Imagine that you have found a way to disprove the conjectures of the greatest scientific minds of your time and build a machine that can travel in four dimensions just as easily as three. Indeed, you've not only managed to achieve faster-than-light travel without that inconvenient 'infinite power' requirement that Dr. Hawking keeps talking about, but you have actually defenestrated the entire concept of the "arrow of time". The possibilities for what you could do with this device and its implications for the betterment (or destruction) of mankind are endless - but since you are a human, you will probably just use it to show off to other humans. However, in your rush to impress all of these cute humans, you have forgotten about the simpler laws of physics that still apply: namely, the ones about relative motion. You have a vessel that can pop in and out of existence at will from a three-dimensional perspective, but you have to manually correct for the rotation and revolution of whatever body you were on (as well as the movement of its star within the galaxy, and its galaxy within the universe) in order to end up still on it and not somewhere arbitrary in deep space. To use an overly simplistic analogy, you have essentially created a graphing calculator that can't be used as a regular calculator. Congratulations, your name is Phoebus Farraday and you are probably bad at arithmetic.

(Now, please, for the sake of the multiverse, stop imagining.)

"If my calculations are correct," the aforementioned brilliant inventor stated with a noticable amount of hesitation in his voice, "we are in more or less the same place, but five weeks ago."

The uncertainty he was experiencing was most likely due to the fact that we had... landed. As in, there was a bit of a drop, with an audible and slightly crunchy bump at the end before we came to rest at a 45-degree angle from upwards. One might even call it a 'crash', really. In any case, all signs seemed to point to his calculations being very non-correct indeed.

"You're going to end up inside a star one of these days," I said, quickly checking myself over for new fractures (none found, thankfully). "Or, worse, a black hole."

"Why would that be worse?" Phoebus asked lightly as he extracted himself from the mass of machinery on the wall. "I've always wondered where those go."

"I know where they go, and we don't want you there," I said simply.

After assessing the interior damage - again, thankfully minimal - we climbed towards the door and opened it to check if we had scratched the paint job.

"Good news," I stated, peering around at all of the avian humanoids surrounding our vessel with spears pointed in our direction. "I think we're on the same planet."