The beings had gathered to form a semi-circle around the front of the time machine, which faced a wide clearing within what appeared to be a thick forest. Each of the women - for their dull tawny plumage seemed to indicate that they were all unmistakably female - was armed with a short sword at her belt in addition to the spear in her hands, and a few had adorned themselves with necklaces made from the sharp teeth of predatory animals and carved bones strung on leather. Despite their savage appearance, I could see that their weapons were quite well-made: forged, as opposed to carved and crafted. They seemed out of place in the hands of what otherwise appeared to be a tribe of hunter-gatherers.

Also rather out of place was the clearing that they stood in front of, on the other side of which stood an immense rectangular building of carved white stone. Two rows of tall, arched windows covered its imposing facade, with a third and more modest row below them, broken by equally proportioned doors a quarter of the way down the building's length on either side. In the center stood a grand entrance onto the second floor, with a staircase leading up to it and stately pillars to either side. Gleaming blue domes topped with gold spires sat atop the center and each wing, and the grounds between us and the building itself comprised an immaculately cultivated garden - complete with a reflecting pool. It was a veritable palace: much smaller and different in form from the one we had just left, but equally aesthetically disparate with its presumed current occupants.

I took a cautious step out from the vehicle, Phoebus behind me with his hands up in a universal gesture of surrender; neither of us were armed. As I took in the curious sights, one individual with somewhat lighter-colored feathers approached us from the center of the semi-circle, her expression seeming to be one of smug victory.

"Ha! So you thought you could sneak in here and steal from the armory, did you?" she squawked, apparently ignoring the fact that our entrance could hardly have been described as 'sneaking'. "Unfortunately for you, your wiles were no match for the infamous Basara!"

"Infamous?" Someone behind her piped up.

"I don't think we're infamous," someone else answered. "But widely feared. Ferocious, maybe?"

"Fierce!" a third shouted, but the suggestion was immediately rejected by several others.

"Fearsome, then!" the leader shouted and raised her spear, to several cheers. Then she turned her gaze back on us. "The fearsome Basara! You were no match. For us. Now surrender your weapons, and we might show you mercy."

"We don't have any weapons," Phoebus reported. An awkward silence followed, during which surprisingly no one thought to ask why people accused of attempting to raid an armory would be expected to already have weapons.

"... Okay! Good!" shouted our captress, some slight confusion still visible on her face. "Now, what shall we do with you?"

"Boil them in oil! Eat them!" shouted various members of a gathering crowd - so much for mercy.

"I don't taste good," I volunteered.

"No, you probably wouldn't," agreed the leader, squinting at me a little. "You'd make a great archery target, though!"

I admit I was rather taken aback; I had been called a lot of things in my time, but never before a dummy.

"For now, though," she continued, "I guess we'll just lock you in the dungeon until we decide your fate."
In a quieter voice, to her closest compatriots, she added, "We have a dungeon, right?" and was greeted with nods and murmurs to the affirmative.

Phoebus, perhaps having realized that we were standing in front of what must be at least some noble's estate and had very little to lose at this point, chose this time to interrupt.

"Um, if I can say something in my own defense?"

Abruptly, all murmuring ceased and the grounds grew utterly silent. A gentle summer breeze blew through the trees surrounding it, making them sound for all the world as though they were telling everyone to 'shhhhhhh.'

"We're not thieves, I promise," he stated. "We don't want your armory or anything like that - we just need to speak to the emperess on a matter of grave importance."

The murmuring began again, though this time at a more whisper-like volume.

"The emperess is in another castle," stated the apparent leader, although it seemed that we only had half of her attention at this point. The mention of royalty seemed to have shifted her expression and mood from a manic and victorious one to a rather pensive one.

"They're probably just saying that so we'll let them go," one of the others said.

"Maybe, but in times like this we can't really take any chances," the leader replied. "Put them in a guest room until I ask the chancellor about it."

And so that was that; she and her spear turned and walked off in the direction of the palace, while Phoebus and I found the semi-circle of avian amazons closing in on us abruptly. With a small amount of prodding from the pointy ends of their weapons, we were soon marched off in a similar direction.