The retinue of six tribeswomen seemed wholly unnecessary as we were escorted across the grounds and into the palace; Phoebus seemed to have been shellshocked into inaction by the revelation that we had apparently arrived at nowhere particularly useful.

"What are the chances," I could hear him say under his breath, "that we would end up at the right time, and at a palace, but just the wrong one?"

"Exactly one in one, it would seem," I stated, and it was intended to be more than a mere wisecrack. The walk gave me time to think, and I could see the whole timeline stretched out before us like a tapestry as elaborate as the gold leaf panels we walked past and as delicate as the crystal chandeliers overhead. There were no branches, no tangles, and no loose threads; I could only conclude that Phoebus had managed to place himself exactly where he needed to be.

Our intended destination did indeed exist at this point in time, with its surrounding capital city, quite a distance away in... some direction. I couldn't immediately find any reference points for the cardinal directions, which I chalked up to a lack of familiarity with the environment, but noble families being what they are the countryside was veritably littered with palaces, estates, and manors of various types and sizes - the off-season and proper homes of the aristocrats when they were not attending court in the city. The one we had stumbled upon may well have belonged to the royal family, judging by its trappings, but it might have been one of several and there seemed to be no indication that the monarch was expected here anytime soon. 

Not that it mattered - from where I stood, I could see Phoebus playing a crucial and necessary role in events even if he ended up doing nothing that he thought he should be. The whole of time, as far as I could see, lay smooth and unbroken and... beautiful. It was more of a feeling than an appearance, and I'm forced to admit that I didn't quite understand it. I didn't know if things would end well or poorly or if what I was feeling was merely a sense of satisfaction at the neatness of the timeline regardless of what events it contained, but it evoked in me a sense of peace - like the still waters of a reflecting pool. Everything seemed so clear right then that if I tried hard enough I thought I could just about see how this whole series of events would end--

I was broken from my reverie as were ushered into an elegantly-appointed but decidedly informal sitting room and admonished not to "get too comfortable" before the door was closed and locked behind us. Phoebus sighed and walked over to the window as I immediately placed myself in danger of violating our only rule by taking a seat on the couch next to the door - I sank into the cushions and found myself leaning back with a soft sigh and closing my eyes.

"Now what?" I heard Phoebus mutter, and I half-opened my eyes again to see if he was talking to me. He wasn't, so I closed them again.

"You came here without a plan?" I asked gently; of course he did. I'd have done the same thing.

"Well, how does one plan for the unknown?" he countered.

I smiled. "If you figure that out, please let me know."

"When you came into the time machine earlier and gave me that accusatory look - what was that about?"

I opened my eyes again and blinked a couple times. Phoebus was still standing at the window, but now he was looking directly at me. The abrupt change of subject and yet conversational manner in which it was delivered gave me to think that this was something he had been planning to ask at least since we got here, perhaps mentally rehearsing it as we were escorted through the halls.

"An event that was crucial to saving this world has not happened," I stated as I pulled the cigarette case from an inner pocket of my coat. "It will not and cannot happen now. A child is dead--"

I paused, on lighting the cigarette: there were two others, and I didn't know what would happen to them. Even if we managed to save this world, I didn't know how they would fare and the realization of this shook me slightly.

"... And that's really what bothered me," I admitted, and then took a few small puffs as I lit the cigarette. Smoke went everywhere on the exhale, my clothes seeming to do remarkably little to contain it. After a few drags I would become merely a figure almost obscured in a cloud of it. Phoebus gave me a pointed stare, as though he found this extremely rude but was not personally offended enough to actually say anything; I answered it with a self-conscious but unapologetic stare back.

"And you think this is my fault," he said, resting a hand on the windowsill and leaning on it. My gaze wandered to the courtyard beyond him, where the bright but diffuse light of day was shaded by young fruit trees, their leaf-green nubs swaying in a gentle breeze. In the middle of a lushly-flowered path, the woman we had met before was walking next to a smaller figure with familiar white plumage.

"I know it is," I said, looking down at my hands, "I just haven't figured out how yet."

He sighed again and looked back out the window, as I continued to stare absently at the wooden floor and the intricate carpet that graced its center. Golden vines dotted with cream-colored blossoms wound their way around borders the color of new growth. In the center and on a blue background sat a stylized white rose, its petals fully open to reveal a jewel of red. It was difficult for me to want to look at or acknowledge; a prophecy of something that I knew would not come to pass, and a tiny ripple on the overall smooth surface of time.

So, I could understand Phoebus's frustration somewhat. He had just been told that the end of the world was his fault, and there was no clear path to rectifying it - much less redemption. The world was as open as a sheet of paper, and he had to choose both a direction of travel and a way to get there and whatever he chose could just as likely be the right path or a very, very wrong one. It may not have been obvious to him that the page had already been written on; I wanted to say something reassuring, but I couldn't think of anything that would be meaningful.

"Get comfortable here," I told him, settling for something vague instead. "Not in this room, but in this time."

Glancing out the window, I noted that the people from a moment ago were gone.

"I have to go," I announced, and took a last drag of my cigarette before disposing of it.

"You're leaving?" Phoebus turned to me, and I was surprised to see disappointment on his face. I didn't think I had ingratiated myself to him in any way, but I suppose any companion is better than none in these kinds of times.

"Sorry," I said, slouching a little in apology. I didn't want to have to leave - not when he was giving me that look - but unfortunately there was nothing for it. It was my own fault, too: if I hadn't carelessly drawn the attention of the Chancellor before we left, I wouldn't have to avoid him now. Hopefully Maria's conversation with him was at least proving fruitful.

"Well-- I--" Phoebus glanced out the window and towards the door. It's interesting where people look when they're faced with something unexpected like this. His subconscious reaction to being left alone in an uncertain situation seemed to be to look for a means of escape - perhaps back to his time machine and something more familiar, or at least something over which he thought he had more control. His second reaction might have been to try to ask me something - for directions, perhaps, or even just a promise of return. However, by necessity I took the brief moment that he wasn't looking at me as an opportunity to simply stop being there. That wasn't very kind of me, but hopefully he'd forgive my needing to duck out at the last available instant. After all, I had come here without any sort of plan.