Sindri must have known, in the bottom of his heart, that this day would arrive - and he had been in no hurry for it to do so. He had made excuses: when he had first noticed the pure white egg among the speckled beige ones in the nest, he had perhaps hoped to himself that it would hatch a girl. None of the women would admit to laying it, as they took shifts tending to the communal clutch and feigned ignorance as to which eggs were laid by whom. There were a couple of likely suspects, of course, but he had not questioned any further - to do so would place his position as village headman in jeopardy. It's not that bastard children were at all unusual, in any case, and a white-feathered girl - especially one who might learn magic - would be a boon to their little farming village. There were no witches living within miles around, so getting a simple potion meant a day's travel, and having a girl with such rare plumage would attract men - which almost always meant trade. So, Sindri prayed for a girl with feathers as white as the egg that held her.

When the little child hatched, however, he changed his mind: the chick's long legs made it seem likely that they were a boy, and so until feathers grew in Sindri silently hoped that they would be piebald. Then, regardless of sex, no one could prove anything - but perhaps they could still learn magic, if they were lucky. That would still be better than having to present the child to the duchess's consort as an official bastard. Not that it was mandated that he do so, but he knew that it would be better for a beautiful and magical child to inherit his rightful father's title - and better for the father in question, who had been not-so-secretly trying to sire his own heir by any means necessary ever since his daughter was born. The lady herself had stopped laying, at least officially - there were whispered rumors that she visited nearby villages at roosting time and surreptitiously left eggs there to avoid raising any further children. Sindri could not imagine that something so outrageous and underhanded would be true of the duchess, but in any case it had been ten years since the couple had had any more children and his lordship was getting desperate - enough so to have flouted taboo by publicly declaring that he would acknowledge any bastard sons presented to him. Thus far, however, none were forthcoming.

Even after the child's solid yellow down and ivory wing feathers grew in, there had been plenty of excuses not to travel to the county seat. There was spring planting, and then his lordship, the premier mage in the land, was off at the capital for the season so there was no point. For some time in the heat of summer, Sindri told himself that he simply wouldn't go at all and that the little chick would be just fine growing up as a farmer or shopkeep in their tiny no-name hamlet. Unacknowledged bastard boys hatched all the time and grew up with their clutch-mates none the wiser, content to lead the simple lives which circumstance had made theirs. Perhaps he would join a convent, and then at least his magical potential would not go to waste. It would not have been a bad life - just a humble one.

Yet, despite all of that, Sindri had found himself waking up before sunrise one morning in the beginning of the indian summer to saddle the horse. It hadn't been something that he had planned or even decided in advance, but when he had stepped outside and saw by lantern light the leaves of the saplings outside his hut just blushing red, he knew. Harvest would begin in a week or so, and then the autumn naming ceremony that would seal the child's fate as a member of the village. At that moment, he realized that he couldn't knowingly let mere happenstance and tradition dictate someone's life. So, he did what he had always wished someone had done for him: he stole into the roosting house and took the sleeping hatchling from their bed. By sunrise, they were halfway to the county seat.

As he stood before the steps to the duchess's estate after that long and silent ride, he shivered slightly. The child - bundled up against the cool morning air and strapped to his back - had woken at some point, but remained almost unnaturally quiet. They were too young to understand what was going on, but it was almost as though they could sense at least the gravity of it. Sindri's stomach grumbled as he ascended the steps to the front door, reminding him that the chick would be hungry as well and he had no idea when there would be time for a meal - and yet the child remained silent.

The butler who answered the door - a charcoal-feathered man with a splotch of white on his throat and white wings - stared wide-eyed for a few moments before ushering Sindri in. The formality of a calling card was skipped - Sindri of course didn't have one, and barely knew how to read or write anyway - as he was led into a sitting room, where he found himself at a loss for what to do or how to act. He had spent his entire life among dirt and animals, sleeping on straw and sitting on bare grass or rocks or wooden furniture - so he was afraid to touch the silk and velvet upholstery that now surrounded him, and could only look with admiration at the finely carved endtable nearby. How did one set a glass on it without ruining the finish, he wondered, and then looked down at the soft carpet that was currently cushioning his well-calloused toes. He thought he might be soiling it just by standing there, but stand he continued to do - he was afraid to do anything else. It seemed as though he stood there for an eternity, just gawking at the beautiful things around him, until another door opened and into the room stepped a man who put it all to shame.

His lordship wore little in the way of jewelry, though Sindri would later learn that this was as much a product of the time of day as aesthetic principle. To his own sensibilities, any adornment would have distracted the eye from the iridescent jewel tones of his feathers or been an unnatural interruption to the pure white patches on his chest, arms, and train. Without a word - and while hardly taking his eyes off the chancellor - Sindri set the child down in front of him and lifted away the blankets in which they were wrapped. The child stood and blinked sleepily at this strange man, who knelt down to get a closer look at them.

"To whom do I owe my thanks?" the nobleman asked when he finally looked back up. Seeing them so close together, the familial resemblance was at once obvious to the young farmer. He introduced himself as Sindri of Yuu.

"But I don't know who the mother is," he added, offhand.

"Oh." The chancellor rose to his feet. "I see."

Sindri wondered if that changed anything about the child's circumstances, but when he looked at the chancellor's face his eyes were merely downcast in an expression of regret and betrayal. At length, he shook his head as though to break himself from a brown study.

"Well, I thank you," he said with a smile. Looking Sindri up and down, he added, "And I'm sure you've come quite a long way--"

(Sindri thought that this was a very kind way of saying that he needed a bath.)

"--So I do hope you'll stay for a while. Cordell will show you to our guest house." Apparently not to take no for an answer, he turned to leave - but not before taking the little child's hand. "For my part, there is much to be done."

And that was how, one morning, a farmer unwittingly changed the course of history.