Sindri never found out if there was any truth to those rumors about the duchess, but it turned out not to matter. Through some means or another, she and her husband agreed to pretend that the chick had hatched in their own home; it turned out that it was just as well that the mother had not come forward, as that would have complicated matters significantly. For his part, Sindri was hired on as a groundskeeper as thanks and so that he would not have to go home and face the wrath of the village women - who were undoubtedly the only ones unhappy with the outcome of events.

One might think that there was some sort of vast conspiracy to prevent him from having a son, but that wasn't how the chancellor himself saw it. Chancellor Ekrem tended to view events from a broader perspective, being a bureaucrat.

"The system is flawed," he was fond of saying, especially in response to his wife's protests about 'rules' and 'tradition'. "And one day it will break."

In addition to his (probable) son, the couple also had a daughter. She was only about ten, but as her mother's rightful heir she was already being groomed in decorum and the practical aspects of running a duchy. However, like all little girls, Jacomina fancied herself an adventuress - and she had also inherited her father's propensity for magic. Her mother had impressed on her that there was little room in a proper duchess's busy schedule for witchcraft, except perhaps as a hobby - like a lot of nobles pick up embroidery or gardening - but Ekrem encouraged her childish flights.

"The world is a lot more open than most grown-ups would like you to believe," he told his children one day - and this was the first memory that little Tulle, his second child, had of him. "There are no rules, except those made by other people - and a good mage never lets the will of others determine his or her destiny."

This was exactly the sort of thinking that usually provoked his wife's aforementioned rants. Despite all of this, Jacomina did eventually grow into a refined and responsible young lady with absolutely no tendency towards gallivanting across the countryside - though she did practice slightly more witchcraft than her mother thought necessary.

Tulle did indeed turn out to be a boy - though, given his father's beliefs about rules and tradition, he would likely have been raised to be a mage-bureaucrat either way. No one asked the question of whether or not the boy was capable of magic; Ekrem seemed to take it as given, and taught him right alongside Jacomina despite a lack of evidence either way.

"When people from elsewhere come here, they call our country 'the Land of Magic'," he told them, "because it's not really the willpower of the people that is the source of magic, but the land itself. Some people are naturally better at it than others, but anyone can learn to use it properly if taught the basic principles."

"Even people from elsewhere?" Tulle asked.

"Yes; I once taught a minister from Aishwarya to make wine disappear."

Sidri, who was working within earshot of the conversation, chuckled. He had his back to the trio, so he didn't see Ekrem smirk - but he did hear him raise his voice slightly to be heard across the garden.

"I think most people here do magic without even realizing it," Ekrem stated. Then he added, in his quieter tone, "but once they go home, they can't do it anymore."

Tulle thought about this for a moment and then asked, "Have you ever been elsewhere, father?"

Ekrem had not. In fact, exceptionally few people from the country of Ognyana had been anywhere else, though a significant number of people from elsewhere had come in. The tourists, if you could call them that, were mostly miracle-seekers: the desperate, the poor, and the terminally ill. They flocked to the church in the capital in the hopes that the Land of Magic would make possible what had been impossible elsewhere. Some of them found what they were looking for, but most did not - 'you can't heal a broken soul', or so the saying went among the clergy. It was this highly visible influx of foreigners that kept the natives at home; there seemed to be no point in the highly-touted technical advancements of Aishwarya and other countries if they had failed so many people.

It seemed to be just a trivial curiosity of demographics, but the idea that native Ognyanans could perform magic subconsciously and so few of them had visited other places planted odd questions in Tulle's mind that kept him up nights when he grew older. When he met foreigners he would listen to them speak, asking few questions as they spoke of their home countries or of his but staring into their faces and watching their mannerisms as they spoke. It was as though he was searching for something - something beyond the words and inaccessible to them, like the answer to some question that could not be asked.