Tulle did not find answers to his questions for a very long time. He made his first trip to the capital at twenty years old, and succeeded his father as chancellor at thirty. For the time being, daily life went on with its bread and circuses in the form of work during the day and courtship at night. The latter didn't interest him much except as an exercise in athleticism: he made appearances at reception halls to proudly display his train and engage in the traditional dances and mock combat with other men, but then promptly fled before any woman could get close. He seemed to much prefer the company of those with whom he worked closely - generally, other men.

One of these was the emperor himself: a tall, striking man with pure black feathers that gleamed like obsidian. He was said to be very kind, but few knew from experience as the life of a ruling monarch was by necessity a secluded one. He spent his days in isolation, 'praying' for the fate of the world.

"'Praying' is not quite the right term for it," he told Tulle once over lunch. "It is more of a deep meditation. When I am in the correct state, I can feel the world itself - the sky shifting from day to night as it should, the oceans, the very land. It's as if I am actually Ognyana itself; in the wrong mood, I could cause crops to whither and die, immense storms..."
He trailed off and sighed, with a smile. "Maintaining the proper focus is very taxing."

Tulle merely nodded in solemn understanding, for it was like all powerful magic. He had never tried to direct the fate of the country, but he knew how to use the same force of will on single plants, buildings, and sometimes highly localized weather. It was indeed taxing, and he could hardly imagine the focus and level of consciousness needed to apply those methods to an entire country.

"Fortunately, when my concentration breaks," he continued, "it's never very bad. I can take breaks like this and things will continue as normal, at least for a little while."
He took a sip of tea and looked up over the rim of the bowl at Tulle.
"If I ever suffered a serious emotional disturbance, however... you would know."

Tulle nodded and looked down at his plate.

"That is where some of my concerns lie," he stated. "I know that you've been wanting to retire, but I fear that your son is no more prepared to succeed you than he was the day he began training."

The emperor nodded and sighed. "I figured as much."

"It's not that he's bad at magic," Tulle continued, smiling and looking out the window at the courtyard beyond. Prince Vikram could often be found napping there - though, not at the moment. "The freedoms of royal life suit him all to well, and the responsibilities not at all. I think he would be too easily distracted."

A brief silence fell over the pair.

"Your daughter, on the other hand," Tulle added, looking back to the emperor with a brightness to his eyes. "She shows greater promise than I have seen in any of my other students. If anyone is to take up your duties, it should be her."

The emperor looked back at him and blinked a few times.

"It's unorthodox," he said finally, picking at his salad with chopsticks, "but I do not think it a bad idea. May it be so, then."